Added DevTools landing page and TOC bucket overview pages (#1768)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/css/css-overview-tool.md

---
title: CSS Overview tool
description: The CSS Overview tool in Microsoft Edge DevTools.
author: MSEdgeTeam
ms.author: msedgedevrel
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.prod: microsoft-edge
ms.technology: devtools
ms.date: 02/15/2022
---
<!-- Copyright Kayce Basques

   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
   You may obtain a copy of the License at

       https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.  -->
# CSS Overview tool

<!-- the what's new is
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/whats-new/2020/10/devtools#view-and-fix-color-contrast-issues-in-the-css-overview-tool
# What's New In DevTools (Microsoft Edge 87)
### View and fix color contrast issues in the CSS Overview tool -->

> The **CSS Overview** tool displays a list of elements on your page that have color contrast issues.  The [CSS Overview Accessible Colors Demo](https://css-overview-accessible-colors-demo.glitch.me) page has an example of a color contrast issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **CSS Overview** tool displays a summary of CSS-related information about the webpage. The tool lists the colors, fonts, and media queries the webpage uses. The tool also lists the elements on your page that have color contrast issues, and the unused CSS declarations.  The [CSS Overview Accessible Colors Demo](https://css-overview-accessible-colors-demo.glitch.me) page has an example of a color contrast issue.
```
